Paper format

Templates: https://embs.papercept.net/images/isbi/ISBI_templates.zip
Submission: http://embs.papercept.net/conferences/scripts/start.pl 

Papers are limited to 4 pages with an additional fee for up to four extra
pages; however, the essential reviewed content must be limited to only four
pages. The additional pages can only be used for supplementary figures
(overflow figures are not allowed), pseudo code, screen shots, blue prints of
instrumentation, and appendices. While reviewers will be asked to comment on
the adequacy of the additional material, decisions to accept or reject papers
will be based on the content of the main text. In short, authors are
responsible to have a clear concise and self-contained manuscript within the
allowed 4 pages for evaluation. Each paper should include an (i) abstract,
(ii) introduction, (iii) a brief review of the previous research, (iv)
approach, and (v) results and discussion. The abstract should have a clear
concise summary of items (ii) and (v) for the demanding review process and
general readers. The authors must clearly express specific biological or
medical questions in their introduction and express their novel contributions
either in section (ii) or (iii).

Important Dates

- Deadline for submission of 4-page paper or abstracts: November 1, 2012
- Deadline for Abstract : December 7, 2012
- Notification of acceptance/rejection: January 4, 2013
- Submission of final accepted 4-page papers/abstracts: January 28, 2013
- Deadline for author registration: January 31, 2013
- Deadline for early registration: March 7, 2013

Registration requirements:

Accepted papers MUST be presented by one of the authors in person, at the
conference site, and according to the final schedule. Any paper accepted into
the technical program but not presented on-site will be withdrawn from the
official proceedings archived on IEEE Xplore. The presenter MUST register for
the conference by the author registration deadline. Failure to register before
this deadline will result in automatic withdrawal of the paper from the
conference proceedings and program.

An individual can be first author of at most two paper submissions. There is
no limit on individuals being co-authors of paper submissions.

At least one author on each paper MUST register at a non-student rate (i.e., a
student presenter MUST register at a non-student rate IF no co-author of the
presented paper is registered at a non-student rate). See frequently asked
questions below for more information about linking papers with a registration.

See: http://www.biomedicalimaging.org/2013/authors/call-for-papers-2/
